hello there is no time again with you
today's small release we
analyze the chronology of events in detail
upcoming additions
the video is mostly about who
still catching up why the trawl was not
in that recently released video
warlords of draenor
so you can read this issue
a bonus to the past and so we have
a certain chronology of our events
time since the first warcraft
and before the events of the leaders of the draenor before
the plot of the first warcraft
the arches drink the blood of the demon beast and
invade azerot further between
the events of pandaria ivar of the lords garrosh
escapes from detention and goes sky
once back to the past at a time when
the orcs have not yet drunk the aromatic drink
mannoroth persuading thunder from the past not
drink blood harrosh changes the course of events and
thereby creating
alternative timeline which
absolutely will not affect our world
that means no altered
Arthas and the Danes will not they all
same dead the last stage becomes
creating a portal that connects this
alternate reality with our and
whereupon it begins
confrontation of two worlds
thank you garrosh for the new addition
could so
Well, pseudo oldies who played
only in the third warcraft and never in
my eyes did not see you here is my advice
before you throw meaningless
insults towards blizzard
try to google at least first as
The plot is currently developing.
universe of warcraft to blizzard sometimes
rewrite minor events in
lore but completely cross out the plot
the third warcraft as such
you might think
trawl and should not have been this
video clip
their battle with the mono company was long over and ours
bromine is still dead it's different
timeline plot does not correspond
and continues to evolve
I hope that I could at least somebody
reason throw this video to everyone who
still thinks that the Blizzards rewrote
the plot of warcraft real orcs always
heed the words of the sage do you not garrosh
the words of a fool you wanted to say yes go you
friends
I recommend to pay attention to the channel
bbc news
his leading lich used to create together
with me the history of the world of elder scrolls so
that all who are interested in his further
activity would highly recommend
subscribe to his channel and of course
don't forget to subscribe to me and
leave comments with you was meters
see you later